s/member/participant, and other light edits (#10)
bifurcation/mimi-arch: draft-barnes-mimi-arch.md

single server, but possibly realized by multiple physical devices).

Messaging interactions are organized around _rooms_.  All messaging interactions
take place in the context of a room.  Rooms have a notion of
_user participation_ as well as _client membership_, both tracked as lists.
Rooms additionally have policies about things like how the room may be joined
and what capabilities each member/participant has.

The protocol interactions that drive a room unfold among the servers whose users

> are participants of the room.  There is exactly one _hub_ server for the room, which

Reviewer: I would use "participants in" vs. "participants of".

Author: ```suggestion
are participants in the room.  There is exactly one _hub_ server for the room, which
```

The state of the room includes a few types of information, most importantly:

* The end-to-end security state of the room
* The user-level membership of the room
* The user-level participation state of the room
* The authorization policy for the room

> NOTE: We use the phrase "membership" for both users and clients.  It might be
> clearer to invent some distinct terminology for these notions.

> NOTE: In the below, we discuss user-level membership as something independent
> from, and managed separately from, the end-to-end security state of the room.
> Another possibility is that the user-level membership could be derived from
> the client-level membership, in the sense that a user is a member if and only

> > if they have one or more clients joined.

Author: This is removed because of formed consensus within the design team

aspects of the group, such as the symmetric encryption keys, are known only to
the clients.

## Participation and Membership

> Users are considered to be _participating_ in a room while clients of those
> users are _members_ of the end-to-end security state for the room.  The specific

Reviewer: The "while" here reads ambiguously -- I initially parsed it as meaning that a user is only a participant if they have clients joined.  Suggest the following rewrite:

```suggestion
For clarity, we use different words to express the inclusion of users and clients 
in a room.  Users are `participants` in a room; clients are `members` of the
end-to-end security state of the room.  The specific
```

list of ways in which a user or client may participate is defined by
authorization policy, as discussed in {{policy}}.

This is a more coarse-grained notion of membership than the client-level notion.
Ideally, the two are aligned, with each participating user having at least one client
joined to the end-to-end security state, and each joined client owned by a
participating user.  A user may be a participant of a group without any client belonging to
the user being part of the end-to-end security state of the room.  (In such a
case, a user will not be able to read or send messages, but may be able to take
other actions.  It is up to client implementations how this state is
represented) The reverse situation is forbidden; a client belonging to a user
may be joined to the end-to-end security state of the room only if its user is a
joined participant of the room.

## Membership Changes

> The collective membership of a group can change over time, via _add_ and _remove_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The participant list and client membership of a group can change over time, via _add_ and _remove_
```
